what's up guys eating Chavez here Eden
Chavez calm and I'm really excited to
bring you my ultimate Lightroom preset
collection I've I used this on my daily
workflow for all my photos one-click
presets there's no brushing no nothing
these are all ready to go and they are
really fun a lot of these look really
good with a lot of pictures keep in mind
not all of them are going to look great
in all the photos so let's get started
here so here's the raw file I shot in
Rio here you can see it's a raw file
here's the settings so let's try this
HDR six I'll just run through some of
these real quick so you can see what it
does so that one looks really good let's
come down here Rio from the top that one
looks really good ah it's black and
white long expo that looks cool oh let's
come down here to shoot let's see this
Brooklyn Bridge Gotham that looks really
good wow that looks super good let's
come back down here let's see flashes of
hope that looks nice nice and soft let's
come down here how did slight anyone's
really good let's see how it looks like
that looks really cool so as you can see
this are meant to be a one click Edit
really easy takes no time I think you'll
just take you a little bit of time to go
through them but I know my presets
pretty well so when I shoot something I
kind of already know what I'm going to
use as far as this one goes I like this
real from the top one I think that's the
best one very nice there you have it so
now let's check out this India won it's
India photo it's one of my favorite
photos I shout from India at this school
kids were peeking
the window so I walked up to them and
and took a photo of them so again here's
the raw file here's my settings and
let's go through some of the street
photography ones so here's this black
and white rocks which is a really cool
preset here's this burning man people
that's pretty cool let's see here's
Hollywood that one's really nice nice
and contrasting let's see let's try this
vintage very nice makes it look like an
old film which is really cool let's see
the street photo one one of my favorites
very nice and then my favorite from the
street photography is this India preset
and you'll see why here in a second ah
brings all the colors out and it makes
it pop so as you can see these are all
super simple to use one click and
there's a ton of them and they're all
really cool like I said I use them all
in my daily workflow they're going to
help you out tremendously and help you
edit your photos and all this are
customizable as well if when you get
them you can go up here and you know fix
them accordingly so all really easy to
use they all look really nice and I hope
you enjoy them thanks so much for
watching